Earthquake is an unavoidable geophysical phenomenon which lasts for just a few seconds and releases a tremendous energy which destroys both living and non-living things in just a blink of an eye.
There are various other geophysical phenomena responsible for earthquakes like colliding of plates, landslides, and volcanos.
The shake of the earthquake which lasts for just a few seconds makes such impressions on an individuals life which lasts for their entire life. 
In India usually, earthquakes are experienced in Himalayas and Gujarat and some specific areas. 
The first thing which a person should do is he shouldn't panic.
Panic reduces the thinking possibilities and one has to suffer.
The people who live in this earthquake-prone areas should be mentally prepared so that at the time of action they are not scared and rescue operations are brought into action as soon as possible. 
The major step which should be taken is by the Government and the responsible administration. 
They should bring the awareness among the people about the DOs and Donts.
The administration should always be ready with the rescue team and related equipment. 
They should only allow constructions of houses which follow earthquake safety measures because these buildings only create great damage to human life. 
Parents should also teach their children the initial steps which should be taken when they first experience the shake of the earthquake. 
They should run to the area where they can find open space if they are not able to rescue immediately they should get beneath the bed or table so that if something falls there is no damage to their head or body. 
Every house which is supposed to be built in this earthquake-prone areas should have an emergency exit so that they can use it at the time of the earthquake.
If someone is driving the vehicle he should stop and stand aside in open space.
Avoid usage of lift/elevators as the may get stuck and you may get trapped.
The government should develop some technology which can predict the earthquake so that irreparable loss can be stopped.