The recent murder of Gauri Lankesh totally justifies the saying "Pen is mightier than a sword". when she brought the real condition of women in front of public, It was not liked by some rightist and made them restless and in return, she had to pay back with her life. Pen justifies the power of writing. sword justifies the power of war. The reach of pen is always far more than a sword. Pen has the quality that can convert hatred into love, war into peace and enmity into friendship.  
	It is the pen which brought the renaissance and awareness among the people which made them to distinguish between what is bad? and what is good?. In olden days the books written by great saints, thinkers which explains the problems in contemporary time and their experiences acts as a reference for todays world which helps them to take the right decision. Books increases the horizon of thoughts and convert conservative thoughts into liberal thoughts. Encultrating their kids becomes easy for their parents with the books. With the sword, one can win the war where more or less the loss is of both the counterparts but with the pen, you can only win the hearts without any loss. There are some people who denies this saying and advocates the power of sword because when pen brings the real picture in front of these brutal people it creates a greater harm in their heart and mind which even a sword cannot do, that is why the strong critics who condems the unhuman practices like supersitions, caste based discrimination are been attacked. The fresh examples are of Narendra Dabholkar who was shot during his morning walk, Murder of Gangadhar Pantawne and many more. As war only ends in sufferings and writing which is a gift to mankind gives immortal teachings that is why Pen is always mightier than a sword



Encultration - when mother teaches her kid,
Accultration - when a child get adopted to others culture


introduction
------------

One sunny day, As usual, my grandfather was teaching me good things. "Pen is mightier than a sword" when he said this I was confused because the question which struck my mind was, How can a pen be more powerful than a sword ?. when he explained to me everything I was literally convinced with the statement but Today when I read about the murder of Gauri Lankesh the question which came to my mind was,Is the statement still relevant in today's time or the with course of time the words have changed its meaning.