After having my lunch, As usual, I sat on my couch to watch a TV and get news updates. There was a news flashing, India successfully completed surgical strike. "Surgical strike" what is it? The idea which struck my mind was is it strike of doctors or something else. When I googled it, I found what actually is the surgical strike.
 It is the systematic and planned army action which causes damage to alleged counter militants and terrorist with minimal or no loss to the normal people or public properties which has nothing to do with the war. The surgical strike is the act which India was planning from long back but it came into action after the Uri attack caused by Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorist organization in POK. on 18th September 2016, one of the deadliest attacks was carried out by the terrorist organization in Uri in J&K. As a counter answer, India carried a surgical strike where they entered the POK region and killed the intended legitimate military target without any loss to local civilians and public properties and returned back to India with the successful completion of the mission. Anyhow Pakistan refused the surgical strike as there were no proofs for it but the fact was fact. India gained the appreciation from other countries for successful completion of the surgical strike and stressed Pakistan started closeness with China.
   A country without war, corruption, black money, murders is yet a dream day. Peace and harmony is the ultimate desire of every individual. No matter how justified the cause is for the war the destruction and the bloodshed is never reasonable. At the end of the day, what one aspires is happiness, peace, and satisfaction if everyone adheres to it the world would be the most lovable place to live.


----------------------------------------------------------


 A nation with no terrorism, extortion, black money, murders is a dream day for every citizen. Peace and harmony is yet the ultimate desire of every being. No matter how justified the cause is, the destruction which these attacks create on either side of the border could never be reasonable. Proving your superiority by the medium of bloodshed is just an act to quench your own thirst. At end of the day, what one aspires from life is immense happiness, peace, and satisfaction, away from all the ferocious acts of the human. If every civilian adhere to it, the world would be a happy and peaceful place to live in.

-------------------------------------------------------


No matter how justified the cause is for the war, the destruction and blodshed is never reaonable. ultimately what one aspires is peace happiness and satisfaction. If everyone adheres to it the world will be the most lovable place to live